>> Speaker 1: Can you
prefetch after a page load?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: If you hover over that
button maybe that's when you start
loading it?
>> Brian Holt: I'm not going
to say you couldn't do that.
That particular pattern you mentioned
there, that would be possible,
it would be a bit more difficult.
So let me suggest some other alternatives
that would be easier than perhaps that.
So as always, I end up on
an Addy Osmani article, typical.
This is what I want, rel, okay.
So using your generated output
from your parcel bundle,
you can come in here and
say rel="preload" or
"prefetch' or something like that.
And then src= to whatever
the bundle path is.
>> Brian Holt: Like this, and
what the browser will do is if it has
enough signal, and it has enough time, and
bandwidth, and battery, and
all this kind of extraneous stuff.
It'll actually go out and preload that for
you, it's called hinting.
Now, I'm gonna say it.
It's pretty hit and miss,
and actually on purpose.
If you have low battery and bad signal,
it's just going to ignore these,
which is what you would want it to do,
right?
You don't wanna burn people's battery.
But if it has like full battery, or
you're on desktop on gigabit fiber,
it's gonna go prefetch all these things so
they'll be super, super fast.
Last time I checked, Safari on iOS just
ignores all of these all the time.
So it's, again, hit and miss,
and there's several of these,
there's prefetch, there's preconnect.
You should go check that out,
there's several ways to do that.
So this is the easiest one, right?
>> Brian Holt: The second one was,
which is what I was talking about,
is you'd use a service
worker in the background.
And the service worker would just go out
and prefetch all these bundles for you.
And because it's a service worker, because
you write service workers in JavaScript,
you have total granular
control of how that works.
>> Brian Holt: So that's how we do that.